Xiao Chen, are you really the Dragon Lord?
Yes or no, what's the difference?
Of course!
Everyone in Qinzhou knows
Mr. Su secretly promises the love of the dragon master
Don't hesitate to be with you
Bah bah bah bah
What I mean is...
If he knew you were the Dragon Lord
I will definitely get back with you.
Continue to live together
Love kidnapped by identity
It doesn't make any sense.
Then since you are the Dragon Lord
Then the thank you banquet
You must have also arranged for it to be held in the Triumph Camp Hall
那为什么外界都在盛传
He is the young master of Tengyun Chamber of Commerce
Iowan did it.
Oh.
这个我不知道
嗯
三年前北京一战
大夏急急可危
It's you who rode three thousand miles straight
Burning Blood Huilong Knife
Angry sky knocks the hand of the general
Save the Border from Dire
So you really ran 3,000 miles?
Why are you asking so many questions all of a sudden?
It's not your fault that there are too many rumors and people are curious
Let's go to the banquet hall first
Come, come, come
Long time no see.
Come and blow one
Hey, on the crab
Xiao Chen, why is he here?
I heard that you just divorced my Lingyan family
The back foot hooks up with other fox spirits
Time is so short
You're hooking up with another fox again